>> Scott Moss: Hopefully,
everybody got their database set up
in their environment variable file.
So, yeah, once you get that set up,
you might try to run the app and
you'll see that it's broken.
Well, the objective today is to fix that,
so it's broken intentionally.
But before we dive into the app,
as I promised, I'm gonna show you how to
set up a Next.js app from scratch,
it's actually pretty simple.
So without further ado, let's do that.
I'm gonna just make a new
window here in my terminal.
And the simple way to do
this is just to do NPX.
If you don't know what NPX is,
I don't know the best way to describe it,
it's like there's global packages
you can download from NPM and
you just don't want to download them,
you just wanna use them.
NPX allows you to do that, essentially.
So I can say NPX and
I can say Create Next App.
So if I were to do this,
this would create a Next app.
But just to give you a little more tips
on what you could do to make this better,
we are today gonna be
using a Canary version.
So I'm just gonna say Canary, even though
this doesn't matter because we're not
gonna use this app that we're scaffolding
right now, but just letting you know and
then typically the directory in
which you want to install this app.
So if I wanted to install this
app in a directory called TODOs,
then I would put TODOs here.
So this is gonna create a Next.js app
on the Canary branch inside a folder
on my computer called TODOs.
So if I do that, it's like,
yeah, do you wanna install that?
I'm like, yes, and then it starts
asking me all these questions.
Do you want TypeScript?
I don't know why you
would not use TypeScript,
because you don't have to use the types.
Do you want ESLint?
I absolutely do.
Do you want Tailwind?
I don't know if this installs Tailwind
4 or 3, but yeah, I want Tailwind.
This one is asking if you want to embed
your whole app in the source directory.
Some people like that, especially if
you have like monorepos and stuff.
I hate that, so I'm gonna [LAUGH] Say no.
App Router, we'll talk more about
App Router, but always, yes,
don't use anything else but App Router
unless you are already in a legacy Next.js
app that has a Pages router.
But if you're building one from scratch,
always use the App Router.
I know, Next.js 13 has a bad rep
with bad rep with the App Router.
People hated it, but 15 is so much better.
It's come a long way.
Give it a chance, guys, stop hating
just use [LAUGH] The App Router,
it's actually really good.
Okay, Turbopack,
Turbopack has come a long way.
If you don't know what that is,
it's like they ditched Webpack and
they made Webpack again, but
in rust and it's called Turbopack and
it's actually way faster,
but it's not compatible.
As far as I know, it's not compatible
with production deployment on Vercel.
So because of that we're not gonna use it,
but in Dev Mode it's pretty good.
But you also lose out on tons of
compatibility with tons of things.
So no, don't use that.
This is just some
typescript aliasing stuff.
And then there you go.
It'll just go off and
install all these things.
And typically, from here you don't really
need to do anything, you're pretty set up.
There's like one thing that
I do from here and I'll show
you it's just one thing that I have to do,
otherwise I'll go absolutely crazy.
The only thing I do from here is I
just make a prettier file because
if I don't do this, my prettier
extension will freak out prettierrc.
And I hate semicolons, so
I always put semi false, can't stand them.
And I also like single quotes, so I put
single quotes, that's just my preference.
Once I have that, you're pretty much good,
you can start this thing up.
You can see what you get.
So I'm gonna do NPM, run dev that'll
start this up on 3000 by default.
It'll launch a new one if
that port is already taken.
So we can go there and see what we got.
And you get this, you get a nice Next.js
website that points to the docs has
a button here that gets you set up with
deploying it, everything that you need.
So pretty simple, just a tour of
what you get when you go through.
I don't wanna spoil it too much since
we're gonna talk about a lot of this
stuff, but essentially just gives you
a single index page, a layout for
that page to be rendered in.
And we'll talk about layouts a lot and
some default CSS for the dark theme.
And then obviously, it set up Tailwind for
me cuz I said set up Tailwind, so
it went ahead and did all of that.
But other than that,
pretty basic, pretty simple.
They are using, this is Tailwind 4, nice.
Yeah, this is Tailwind 4.
So they do use Tailwind 4, that's great.
So other than that, yes, pretty basic,
really great way to get started.
I feel like it's a good blend
of not doing too much, but
it's mostly like for
the configuration side, right?
Like for the Tailwind and
the ESLint and stuff like that.
If you look at Next.js,
it's literally just three files here.
They didn't really do much on
the Next.js side, so pretty good though.
But that's probably,
the best way to get started with next.js.